BREAKING: Water levels in Kelani River (Colombo) have reached 9.5 meters. Critical flood warning issued.

SOS: 5 people trapped on a roof in Ja-Ela (Gampaha). Water rising fast. Need boat immediately.

Update: Kandy road cleared near Peradeniya. Traffic moving slowly. No victims reported.

Does anyone have extra dry rations for the camp in Gampaha?

News just in: Kelani river water level is at 7ft.

My uncle is stuck in the tree (immediate danger).

Just saw on news that Gampaha town is flooded. Hope everyone is safe.

We are trapped in the attic. 3 kids. Water is entering.

Donation drive happening at the town hall tomorrow.

Report: Heavy rains expected to continue for the next 24 hours.

URGENT: Landslide in Badulla. 2 houses buried. Need rescue team.

Can someone recharge my phone? 077-1234567.

The Navy has deployed 5 boats to the Kelaniya area.

Help! My grandmother is bedridden and the water is knee deep. Location: Kolonnawa.

Is the highway open? I need to get to the airport.

Gampaha hospital is requesting drinking water for patients.

SOS: 10 people stranded on a rock in Kitulgala. Water rising rapidly.

Just arrived at the shelter. It's crowded but safe.

Warning: Dengue risk is high due to stagnant water.

Please share this post to help the victims.

My dog is missing in Kaduwela. Has anyone seen him?

The government has allocated 50 million rupees for relief.

We need milk powder for 10 babies at the temple camp.

Colombo Fort station is dry. Trains are running on schedule.

Emergency: Tree fell on a house in Wattala. 2 injured.

Matara Polhena beach is rough. Do not swim.

Kalutara bridge is at risk of collapse. Police have closed it.

Rescue needed: Pregnant woman in labor at Ja-Ela. Cannot reach hospital.

Galle fort area is safe. Tourists are fine.

River overflow in Ratnapura. Level 5.0m. Warning issued.

Wellampitiya is 100% underwater. 5000 people displaced.

Just arrived in Galle. Weather is nice.

Donation needed: 500 packets of rice and curry for lunch.

The rain has stopped in Nuwara Eliya.

SOS: Boat capsized in Gampaha. 3 people in the water.

I lost my ID card in the flood. What should I do?

Update: Electricity restored in some parts of Colombo.

We are safe at the school. Thank you for asking.

Critical: Landslide warning issued for Kegalle district.

Need volunteers to pack food parcels at the community center.

Water is entering the ground floor of the Gampaha hospital.

My car was washed away in the flood.

Please pray for Sri Lanka.

Helicopter rescue needed for a group of hikers in Knuckles.

The water level in the Kandy lake is rising.

Road block at the entrance to the highway. Avoid the area.

We need blankets and clothes for the children.

SOS: Snake inside the house. We are on the table.

The army is distributing food in the affected areas.

Is there any news about the missing fishermen?